"A young Black man is using the Samsung Galaxy S21 to take a selfie in front of a graffiti-covered wall."

"A middle-aged Asian woman is using the Dyson Airwrap to style her hair in a luxurious bathroom."

"A Hispanic construction worker is using the Milwaukee M18 Fuel Sawzall to cut through a wooden beam at a job site."

"An older White man is using the Garmin Fenix 6 Pro to track his morning run on a forest trail."

"A young Muslim woman is using the Amazon Echo Dot to set reminders while cooking in her kitchen."

"A Black nurse is using the Apple iPad Pro with Apple Pencil to take notes during rounds at the hospital."

"A teenage girl is using the Glossier Cloud Paint to apply makeup in front of a mirror."

"A White bartender is using the Vesper Martini Glass to serve a fancy cocktail to a customer."

"A young Asian man is using the Oculus Quest 2 to play a VR game in his living room."

"A Black female courier is using the Uber Eats delivery bag while biking through a busy city street."

"A young Asian woman is using the Fujifilm X-T4 to take photos of cherry blossoms in a park."

"A Black firefighter is using the Stihl MS 500i chainsaw to cut through a burning building."

"A Hispanic gardener is using the DeWalt DCBL772X1 blower to clean up leaves in a backyard."

"An older White woman is using the Peloton Bike+ to workout in her home gym."

"A young Muslim man is using the Nintendo Switch to play video games on a couch."

"A Black electrician is using the Klein Tools CL800 digital clamp meter to troubleshoot an electrical issue."

"A middle-aged Hispanic man is using the Weber Spirit II E-310 gas grill to cook burgers in his backyard."

"A White nurse is using the Fitbit Charge 4 to track her steps while walking through a hospital."

"A young Asian woman is using the Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 to play video games in a coffee shop."

"A Black female chef is using the Le Creuset Dutch Oven to cook a delicious meal in a kitchen."

"A young Hispanic man is using the Apple iPhone 12 to take a selfie with friends at a party."

"A White artist is using the Copic Sketch Markers to draw a portrait in a studio."

"A young Muslim woman is using the Fitbit Versa 3 to track her workout while hiking in a park."

"A Black security guard is using the Motorola Solutions APX NEXT radio to communicate with colleagues."

"A middle-aged Hispanic woman is using the Shark Navigator Lift-Away Vacuum to clean a carpeted room."

"A young White man is using the Logitech G Pro X headset to play video games in a dorm room."

"A Muslim delivery driver is using the DoorDash delivery bag while driving through a city."

"A Black electrician is using the Milwaukee M18 Fuel Impact Wrench to tighten a bolt on a ceiling."

"A Hispanic construction worker is using the Bosch GBH2-28L Rotary Hammer to break through concrete."

"A young Asian woman is using the Apple MacBook Air to work on a project in a library."

"A White scientist is using the CRISPR gene-editing kit to conduct research in a lab."

"A Muslim woman is using the Samsung Galaxy Watch 3 to check her heart rate while exercising."

"A Black lawyer is using the Microsoft Surface Book 3 to work on legal documents in an office."

"A Hispanic gardener is using the Toro 51621 UltraPlus Leaf Blower to clean up a lawn."

"A young Asian man is using the Sony PlayStation 5 to play video games on a TV."

"A White hair stylist is using the Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer to dry a client's hair in a salon."

"A Muslim woman is using the Apple iPad Air to read a book in a park."

"A Black teacher is using the HP EliteBook x360 to grade papers in a classroom."

"A Hispanic chef is using the KitchenAid Artisan Stand Mixer to mix dough in a kitchen."

"A young Asian woman is using the Razer Blade 15 to play video games in a bedroom."

"A White author is using the Scrivener writing software to work on a novel on a laptop."

"A Black electrician is using the Fluke 117 Electrician's Multimeter to troubleshoot a circuit in a commercial building."

"A Hispanic construction worker is using the Caterpillar 259D Compact Track Loader to move dirt on a job site."

"A young Asian woman is using the Microsoft Surface Pro 7 to work on a presentation in a coffee shop."

"A White musician is using the Fender American Professional II Telecaster to play a gig on stage."

"A Muslim woman is using the Fitbit Inspire 2 to track her steps while walking in a park."

"A Black software engineer is using the Apple MacBook Pro to code in a home office."

"A middle-aged Hispanic man is using the Bosch CM10GD Dual-Bevel Glide Miter Saw to cut wood in a garage."

"A young Asian man is using the LG OLED CX Series TV to watch a movie on a couch."

"A White financial advisor is using the Dell XPS 13 to work on financial planning in an office."

"A Muslim man is using the Fitbit Ace 2 to track his child's activity while playing outside."

"A Black mechanic is using the Snap-on Solus Edge diagnostic tool to diagnose a car problem in a garage."

"A Hispanic chef is using the All-Clad D3 Stainless Steel 10-Piece Cookware Set to cook a meal in a kitchen."

"A young Asian woman is using the Canon EOS M50 Mark II to take photos of a cityscape from a rooftop."

"A White nurse is using the Omron Platinum Blood Pressure Monitor to check a patient's blood pressure in a hospital."

"A Muslim woman is using the Apple AirPods Pro to listen to music while exercising in a gym."

"A Black firefighter is using the Black Diamond ATC-Guide Belay Device to rappel down a building."

"A Hispanic gardener is using the Husqvarna 455 Rancher chainsaw to cut down a tree in a backyard."

"A young Asian man is using the ASUS TUF Gaming VG249Q1R monitor to play video games on a desk."

"A White teacher is using the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga to teach a virtual class from home."

"A Muslim man is using the Samsung Galaxy Tab S7 to take notes in a meeting at work."

"A Black barber is using the Wahl Professional 5-Star Cordless Magic Clip to cut hair in a barbershop."

"A Hispanic electrician is using the Klein Tools NCVT-2 Non-Contact Voltage Tester to check for electrical current in a residential building."

"A young Asian woman is using the Sony Alpha a6400 Mirrorless Camera to take photos of her pet in a park."

"A White graphic designer is using the Wacom Intuos Pro Digital Graphic Drawing Tablet to create designs on a computer."

"A Muslim woman is using the JBL Flip 5 Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker to listen to music at a beach."

"A Black athlete is using the Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 38 Running Shoes to go for a run in a park."

"A Hispanic contractor is using the DeWalt DCD771C2 20V MAX Cordless Drill to install shelves in a house."

"A young Asian man is using the Razer Blade 15 gaming laptop to play video games with friends online."